feat: INTMDB-1023 private endpoint (#704)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: cfn-resources/private-endpoint-aws/CHANGELOG.md

> # Changelog

Reviewer: I believe this would be more relevant if placed in existingprivate endpoint resource, as users that are making use of that resource will likely want to know why it was deprecated.

## (2023-10-20)

**(BREAKING CHANGE) Resource Structure modification**

We have made significant improvements to our Private Endpoint resource structure to enhance its usability and maintainability.

Previously, the MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpoint resource was responsible for handling three distinct tasks:

Creating and deleting an Atlas Private Endpoint service.
Adding and removing an Atlas Private Endpoint to/from a Private Endpoint Service.
Creating and deleting an AWS private endpoint.
This approach had several drawbacks:

The complexity of having a single resource manage three different functions made it challenging to maintain.
Users found it limiting to manage an AWS Private Endpoint within an Atlas resource, which restricted certain configurations.
When a resource was created, there was no visibility into the progress of each component.
To address these issues, we have introduced a new resource, MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpointService. This resource is specifically designed to create an Atlas Private Endpoint Service without any preconfiguration, allowing for subsequent Private Endpoint configuration with AWS or any other provider.

> Additionally, we have modified the existing MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpoint resource to focus solely on adding a Private Endpoint to the Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we have defined a new MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpointAWS resource to focus solely on adding a Private Endpoint to the Service.
```
This was outdated right?

	- MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpointService: new, resource responsible for creating a Private Endpoint Service, unconfigured, and then using it to configure a Private Endpoint with AWS or any other provider

> 	- MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpoint: the current resource is modified, it is responsible for adding a privateEdnpoint to the Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpointAWS: the current resource is modified, it is responsible for adding a privateEdnpoint to the Service
```

As a result, users will now configure a Private Endpoint by defining these resources separately:

Stack:

Atlas Private Endpoint Service
AWS Private Endpoint

> Atlas Private Endpoint

Reviewer: this would also need adjustment, we can also mention that the new MongoDB::Atlas::PrivateEndpointAWS is specific to AWS
